Chart: Update Enhance Performance How To (#7547)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: concepts/05 UI Components/Chart/93 Enhance Performance on Large Datasets.md

### Implement Zoom and Pan Operations

> Enable zoom and pan to improve performance with long argument axes. Configure these features in the [zoomAndPan](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChart/Configuration/zoomAndPan/) object. Zooming and panning actions allow users to load smaller data sets and scroll through the chart. To load a smaller data set on component initialization, specify an initial zoom level. For instructions on how to do this, refer to the following topic: [Set the Initial Zoom](/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/Chart/Zooming_and_Panning/#Set_the_Initial_Zoom).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enable zoom and pan to improve performance with long argument axes. Configure these features in the [zoomAndPan](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChart/Configuration/zoomAndPan/) object. Zooming and panning actions allow users to load smaller data sets and scroll through the chart. To load a smaller data set on component initialization, specify the initial zoom level. For instructions on how to do this, refer to the following topic: [Set the Initial Zoom](/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/Chart/Zooming_and_Panning/#Set_the_Initial_Zoom).
```

For more information on data aggregation, refer to the following help topic: [Data Aggregation](/concepts/05%20UI%20Components/Chart/88%20Data%20Aggregation '/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/Chart/Data_Aggregation/').

### Hide Chart Elements

You can reduce the number of visible elements to improve Chart performance: 

- Disable **series**.**point**.[visible](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/dxChart/5%20Series%20Types/CommonSeries/point/visible.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChart/Configuration/series/point/#visible') to render chart lines without markers.
- Hide unused series to render fewer chart lines and points. For more information about how to hide a series, refer to the following topic: [Show and Hide a Series](/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/Chart/Series/Show_and_Hide_a_Series/).

> - Assign *'hide'* to [resolveLabelOverlapping](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChart/Configuration/#resolveLabelOverlapping) to reduce the number of visible labels. For more details on how to resolve label overlapping, refer to the following topic: [Resolve Overlapping](/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/Chart/Point_Labels/Resolve_Overlapping/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Assign *'hide'* to [resolveLabelOverlapping](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChart/Configuration/#resolveLabelOverlapping) to reduce the number of visible labels. For more information on how to resolve overlapping labels, refer to the following topic: [Resolve Overlapping](/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/Chart/Point_Labels/Resolve_Overlapping/).
```

### Hide Unnecessary Chart Elements

> You can hide unnecessary elements to improve Chart performance. For instance, disable **series**.**point**.[visible](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/dxChart/5%20Series%20Types/CommonSeries/point/visible.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChart/Configuration/series/point/#visible') to render chart lines without markers. To hide an unused series, refer to the following topic: [Show and Hide a Series](/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/Chart/Series/Show_and_Hide_a_Series/)

Reviewer 2: let's not use unnecessary (they are hardly unnecessary) but reduce the number of visible elements 

You can reduce the number of elements displayed on the graph per time to improve performance. For instance, hide certain series and disable their points to to render chart lines without markers... etc.
